:book: docs(deployment): improve getting started docs (#265)
SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stack-operator: docs/topics/quickstart.md

# Getting Started

## Quickstart

Currently, there is a [demo](https://github.com/SovereignCloudStack/cluster-stacks-demo) that can be used to see how the Cluster Stack approach can work. It uses the Docker Provider Integration for Cluster API.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

```
- clusterctl
- envsubst
- kubectl
- Helm (optional)
```

#### Cluster API

We assume access to a Kubernetes cluster.

> This Kubernetes cluster must act as Cluster API management cluster.

Reviewer: Should we add a hint that `kind` or `k0s` or `k3s` can be used to create a lightweight management cluster to bootstrap the setup (and to move the cluster-API objects to another cluster later)?

> If not already done, this can be achieved with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not already done, to make your k8s cluster a management cluster by installing the cluster-API objects, you can do;
```
